capital = 1160

oob = "ESS_2020"

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.3
set_war_support = 0.6
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	classic_combustion_engine = 1
	obsolete_main_battle_tank = 1
	outdated_main_battle_tank = 1
	support_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_equipment = 1
	infantry_equipment_2 = 1
	infantry_weapons_1 = 1
	outdated_armoured_personnel_carrier = 1
	outdated_infantry_fighting_vehicle = 1
	obsolete_armored_car = 1
	outdated_armored_car = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	ww2_fighter = 1
	cas_1 = 1
	interceptor_1 = 1
	fighter_1 = 1
	tactical_1 = 1
	ww2_bomber = 1
	bomber_1 = 1
	jet_engines = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	light_anti_air = 1
	anti_tank_weapon1 = 1
	night_vision1 = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_special_forces = 1
	marines = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	urban_special_forces = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_uav = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_uav_company = 1
	tech_transport_helicopters_company = 1
	tech_assault_helicopters_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	outdated_anti_air = 1
	outdated_anti_air_gun = 1
	outdated_anti_air_radar = 1
	outdated_spaag = 1
	outdated_spaag_gun = 1
	outdated_spaag_radar = 1
	outdated_sam = 1
	outdated_sam_gun = 1
	outdated_sam_radar = 1
	obsolete_tbm = 1
	obsolete_howitzer = 1
	outdated_howitzer = 1
	outdated_howitzer_gun = 1
	outdated_howitzer_radar = 1
	outdated_spg = 1
	outdated_spg_gun = 1
	outdated_spg_radar = 1
	outdated_anti_tank = 1
	outdated_anti_tank_gun = 1
	outdated_anti_tank_radar = 1
	outdated_mlrs = 1
	outdated_mlrs_gun = 1
	outdated_mlrs_radar = 1
	helicopter_engines = 1
	prototype_helicopter = 1
	tech_transport_helicopters = 1
	tech_assault_helicopters = 1
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	atomic_research = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
starting_train_buffer = 200
set_convoys = 50

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neocameralism
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	millenarism = 6
	commendationism = 11
	left_authoritarianism = 10
	socialism = 12
	neocameralism  = 16
	national_bolshevism = 13
	right_populism = 6
	hegemonism = 7
	regressionism = 9
	ur_fascism = 10
	
}

add_ai_strategy = {
    type = alliance
    id = KNT
    value = 200
}
country_event = {
	days = 504
	id = ESS_event.1
}
create_country_leader = {
	name = "David Pearce"
	desc = ""
	picture = "Portrait_ESS_David_Pearce.dds"
	ideology = ethical_millennialism
	traits = {
		
	}
}
create_country_leader = {
	name = "Nick Srnicek"
	desc = ""
	picture = ".dds"
	ideology = ultrahegelianism
	traits = {
		
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	lhl_economy_civil_war_economy
	lhl_development_modern_nation 
	lhl_regime_personalist_rule
}


##CHARACTERS##
#leader#
recruit_character = ESS_Richard_Dawkins
recruit_character = ESS_david_pearce
recruit_character = ESS_nick_srnicek
recruit_character = ESS_steve_ignorant
recruit_character = ESS_max_mosley
recruit_character = ESS_richard_williamson
recruit_character = ESS_carl_benjamin
recruit_character = ESS_tim_collins
recruit_character = ESS_moira_cameron
recruit_character = ESS_richard_williamson
recruit_character = ESS_nick_land
#generals#
recruit_character = ESS_bob_stewart
recruit_character = ESS_philip_hollobone
recruit_character = ESS_freddie_viggers
recruit_character = ESS_roger_waters
recruit_character = ESS_paul_mccartney
recruit_character = ESS_john_reesevans
recruit_character = ESS_winston_mckenzie
recruit_character = ESS_ben_bathurst
recruit_character = ESS_christopher_tickell
recruit_character = ESS_richard_shirreff
recruit_character = ESS_barney_whitespunner
recruit_character = ESS_rupert_smith
recruit_character = ESS_mark_stanhope
recruit_character = ESS_philip_wilcocks
recruit_character = ESS_michael_bath
recruit_character = ESS_jeffrey_maurice_sterling
#advisers#
recruit_character = ESS_amy_ireland
recruit_character = ESS_sadie_plant
recruit_character = ESS_lain_hamilton_grant
recruit_character = ESS_ray_brassier
recruit_character = ESS_reza_negarestani
recruit_character = ESS_curtis_yarvin
recruit_character = ESS_kodwo_eshun
recruit_character = ESS_matthew_fuller
recruit_character = ESS_steve_goodman
recruit_character = ESS_anna_greenspan
recruit_character = ESS_bill_cash
recruit_character = ESS_joanne_rowling
recruit_character = ESS_martin_amis
recruit_character = ESS_suzanne_moore
recruit_character = ESS_will_self
recruit_character = ESS_polly_toynbee
recruit_character = ESS_peter_wilby
recruit_character = ESS_julian_baggini
recruit_character = ESS_acgraylin
recruit_character = ESS_maryam_namazie
recruit_character = ESS_aliyah_saleem
recruit_character = ESS_ringo_starr
recruit_character = ESS_alan_sugar
recruit_character = ESS_simon_cowell
recruit_character = ESS_piers_morgan
recruit_character = ESS_niall_ferguson
recruit_character = ESS_katie_hopkins
recruit_character = ESS_raheem_kassam
recruit_character = ESS_andrew_rosindell
recruit_character = ESS_david_starkey
recruit_character = ESS_william_legge

set_country_flag = {
    flag = ENG_mosley_here
	value = 1
}

set_variable = {
    var = ESS_coring_cost
    value = 120
}

set_country_flag = {
    flag = ENG_land_here
	value = 1
}

set_country_flag = {
    flag = ENG_dawkins_here
	value = 1
}
add_ideas = {
	ESS_fallen_london
	ESS_spoils_of_kent
	ESS_towers_troubles
	ESS_mild_case_of_distributism
	
}
###Bands###
set_variable = {
    var = ESS_central_region_loyalty
    value = 40
}
set_variable = {
    var = ESS_south_west_region_loyalty
    value = 40
}
set_variable = {
    var = ESS_south_east_region_loyalty
    value = 40
}
set_variable = {
    var = ESS_north_west_region_loyalty
    value = 40
}
set_variable = {
    var = ESS_north_east_region_loyalty
    value = 40
}
