capital = 1002

oob = "KNT_2020"

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.8
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	classic_combustion_engine = 1
	obsolete_main_battle_tank = 1
	outdated_main_battle_tank = 1
	support_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_equipment = 1
	infantry_equipment_2 = 1
	infantry_weapons_1 = 1
	outdated_armoured_personnel_carrier = 1
	outdated_infantry_fighting_vehicle = 1
	obsolete_armored_car = 1
	outdated_armored_car = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	ww2_fighter = 1
	cas_1 = 1
	interceptor_1 = 1
	fighter_1 = 1
	tactical_1 = 1
	ww2_bomber = 1
	bomber_1 = 1
	jet_engines = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	light_anti_air = 1
	anti_tank_weapon1 = 1
	night_vision1 = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_special_forces = 1
	marines = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	urban_special_forces = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_uav = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_uav_company = 1
	tech_transport_helicopters_company = 1
	tech_assault_helicopters_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	outdated_anti_air = 1
	outdated_anti_air_gun = 1
	outdated_anti_air_radar = 1
	outdated_spaag = 1
	outdated_spaag_gun = 1
	outdated_spaag_radar = 1
	outdated_sam = 1
	outdated_sam_gun = 1
	outdated_sam_radar = 1
	obsolete_tbm = 1
	obsolete_howitzer = 1
	outdated_howitzer = 1
	outdated_howitzer_gun = 1
	outdated_howitzer_radar = 1
	outdated_spg = 1
	outdated_spg_gun = 1
	outdated_spg_radar = 1
	outdated_anti_tank = 1
	outdated_anti_tank_gun = 1
	outdated_anti_tank_radar = 1
	outdated_mlrs = 1
	outdated_mlrs_gun = 1
	outdated_mlrs_radar = 1
	helicopter_engines = 1
	prototype_helicopter = 1
	tech_transport_helicopters = 1
	tech_assault_helicopters = 1
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	atomic_research = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
starting_train_buffer = 200
set_convoys = 50

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = right_populism
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	regressionism  = 5
	millenarism = 2
	commendationism = 1
	left_authoritarianism = 8
	socialism = 3
	neocameralism = 30
	national_bolshevism = 5
	right_populism = 35
	hegemonism = 10
	ur_fascism = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	KNT_cultural_abyss
	KNT_king_george
	lhl_economy_civil_war_economy
	lhl_development_modern_nation 
	lhl_regime_regency
}

set_variable = { uk_monarchy = 1 }

##CHARACTER##
#advisors#
recruit_character = KNT_patrick_cormack 
recruit_character = KNT_edward_leigh
recruit_character = KNT_john_joseph_haldane
recruit_character = KNT_annunziata_reesmogg
recruit_character = KNT_peter_bone 
recruit_character = KNT_nigel_farage 
recruit_character = KNT_andrew_roberts
recruit_character = KNT_simon_heffer
recruit_character = KNT_james_thompson
recruit_character = KNT_merlin_hanbury_tracy
recruit_character = KNT_john_hayes
recruit_character = KNT_tim_montgomerie
recruit_character = KNT_james_glancy
recruit_character = KNT_james_dyson
recruit_character = KNT_rupert_grint
recruit_character = KNT_ben_bradley
recruit_character = KNT_darren_grimes
recruit_character = KNT_neal_asher
recruit_character = KNT_tim_berners_lee
recruit_character = KNT_tom_purgslove
#leader#
recruit_character = KNT_rupert_sheldrake
recruit_character = KNT_china_mieville
recruit_character = KNT_mike_katz
recruit_character = KNT_philipp_gnatzy
recruit_character = KNT_jacob_reesmogg
recruit_character = KNT_anthony_giddens
recruit_character = KNT_alexandra_paterson
recruit_character = KNT_thomas_copingersymes
recruit_character = KNT_tony_johnstoneburt
recruit_character = KNT_yaacov_darling_khan
#general#
recruit_character = KNT_thomas_copinger_symes
recruit_character = KNT_gary_coward
recruit_character = KNT_andrew_farquhar
recruit_character = KNT_paul_william_jaques
recruit_character = KNT_john_mccoll
recruit_character = KNT_jacko_page
recruit_character = KNT_sebastian_roberts
recruit_character = KNT_jeremy_rowan
recruit_character = KNT_david_rutherford_jones
#admiral#
recruit_character = GER_karl_donitz
recruit_character = 

set_variable = {
    var = KNT_coring_cost
    value = 120
}

set_country_flag = {
    flag = ENG_mogg_here
	value = 1
}

	