capital = 1154

oob = "MRC_2020"

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.8
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	classic_combustion_engine = 1
	obsolete_main_battle_tank = 1
	outdated_main_battle_tank = 1
	support_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_equipment = 1
	infantry_equipment_2 = 1
	infantry_weapons_1 = 1
	outdated_armoured_personnel_carrier = 1
	outdated_infantry_fighting_vehicle = 1
	obsolete_armored_car = 1
	outdated_armored_car = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	ww2_fighter = 1
	cas_1 = 1
	interceptor_1 = 1
	fighter_1 = 1
	tactical_1 = 1
	ww2_bomber = 1
	bomber_1 = 1
	jet_engines = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	light_anti_air = 1
	anti_tank_weapon1 = 1
	night_vision1 = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_special_forces = 1
	marines = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	urban_special_forces = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_uav = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_uav_company = 1
	tech_transport_helicopters_company = 1
	tech_assault_helicopters_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	outdated_anti_air = 1
	outdated_anti_air_gun = 1
	outdated_anti_air_radar = 1
	outdated_spaag = 1
	outdated_spaag_gun = 1
	outdated_spaag_radar = 1
	outdated_sam = 1
	outdated_sam_gun = 1
	outdated_sam_radar = 1
	obsolete_tbm = 1
	obsolete_howitzer = 1
	outdated_howitzer = 1
	outdated_howitzer_gun = 1
	outdated_howitzer_radar = 1
	outdated_spg = 1
	outdated_spg_gun = 1
	outdated_spg_radar = 1
	outdated_anti_tank = 1
	outdated_anti_tank_gun = 1
	outdated_anti_tank_radar = 1
	outdated_mlrs = 1
	outdated_mlrs_gun = 1
	outdated_mlrs_radar = 1
	helicopter_engines = 1
	prototype_helicopter = 1
	tech_transport_helicopters = 1
	tech_assault_helicopters = 1
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	atomic_research = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
starting_train_buffer = 200
set_convoys = 50

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = ur_fascism
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	regressionism  = 2
	millenarism = 15
	commendationism = 2
	left_authoritarianism = 2
	socialism = 2
	neocameralism = 10
	national_bolshevism = 10
	right_populism = 2
	hegemonism = 7
	ur_fascism = 48
}

add_ai_strategy = {
    type = alliance
    id = KNT
    value = 200
}

add_ideas = {
	lhl_economy_civil_war_economy
	lhl_development_modern_nation 
	lhl_regime_partisan_movement
}

add_ai_strategy = {
    type = alliance
    id = WES
    value = 200
}
##CHARACTER##
#leaders#
recruit_character = MRC_douglas_pearce
recruit_character = MRC_vivianne_crowley
recruit_character = MRC_david_tibet
recruit_character = MRC_jeff_kent
recruit_character = MRC_russell_brand
recruit_character = MRC_marina_ann_hantzis
recruit_character = MRC_nerina_pallot
recruit_character = MRC_daniel_jones_jedi
recruit_character = MRC_michael_moynichan
#generals#
recruit_character = MRC_celia_harvey
recruit_character = MRC_adrian_bradshaw
recruit_character = MRC_shaun_alex_burley
recruit_character = MRC_chris_brown
recruit_character = MRC_gerald_berragan
recruit_character = MRC_charles_bronson
recruit_character = MRC_chris_bell
recruit_character = MRC_mark_mans
recruit_character = MRC_simon_mayall
recruit_character = MRC_nick_pope
recruit_character = MRC_michael_john_stone
#advisers#
recruit_character = MRC_ronald_hutton
recruit_character = MRC_tony_wakeford
#recruit_character = MRC_archbishop_of_canterbury
recruit_character = MRC_daniele_liotta
recruit_character = MRC_freya_aswynn
recruit_character = MRC_patrick_sanders
recruit_character = MRC_michael_york
recruit_character = MRC_ronald_hutton
recruit_character = MRC_boyd_rice
recruit_character = MRC_genesis_breyer_p-orridge
recruit_character = MRC_philip_shallcrass
recruit_character = MRC_patrick_leagas
recruit_character = MRC_mogg_morgan
recruit_character = MRC_kate_west
recruit_character = MRC_william_breeze
recruit_character = MRC_christina_oakley_harrington
recruit_character = MRC_tam_campbell
recruit_character = MRC_barbara_meiklejohn_free
recruit_character = MRC_andre_cox
recruit_character = MRC_clinton_langston
recruit_character = MRC_tony_robinson
recruit_character = MRC_michael_cashmore
recruit_character = MRC_loretta_minghella
recruit_character = MRC_tim_hughes
recruit_character = MRC_kevin_groves
recruit_character = MRC_john_richardson
recruit_character = MRC_gnaeus_cornelius_lentulus
recruit_character = MRC_aulus_apollonius_cordus
recruit_character = MRC_a_gratius_avitus
recruit_character = MRC_pete_jennings 
recruit_character = MRC_damh_the_bard
recruit_character = MRC_heimgest
recruit_character = MRC_nigel_pennick
recruit_character = MRC_ian_read
#Military Advisers#
recruit_character = MRC_stuart_peach
recruit_character = MRC_andrew_pulford
recruit_character = MRC_edward_stringer
recruit_character = MRC_tim_anderson
recruit_character = MRC_tim_fraser
recruit_character = MRC_trevor_soar
recruit_character = MRC_nicholas_hine
recruit_character = MRC_ben_key
recruit_character = MRC_christina_elliot

set_country_flag = {
    flag = ENG_pearce_here
	value = 1
}

set_variable = {
    var = MRC_coring_cost
    value = 120
}