capital = 1009

oob = "NTH_2020"

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.8
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	classic_combustion_engine = 1
	obsolete_main_battle_tank = 1
	outdated_main_battle_tank = 1
	support_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_equipment = 1
	infantry_equipment_2 = 1
	infantry_weapons_1 = 1
	outdated_armoured_personnel_carrier = 1
	outdated_infantry_fighting_vehicle = 1
	obsolete_armored_car = 1
	outdated_armored_car = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	ww2_fighter = 1
	cas_1 = 1
	interceptor_1 = 1
	fighter_1 = 1
	tactical_1 = 1
	ww2_bomber = 1
	bomber_1 = 1
	jet_engines = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	light_anti_air = 1
	anti_tank_weapon1 = 1
	night_vision1 = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_special_forces = 1
	marines = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	urban_special_forces = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_uav = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_uav_company = 1
	tech_transport_helicopters_company = 1
	tech_assault_helicopters_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	outdated_anti_air = 1
	outdated_anti_air_gun = 1
	outdated_anti_air_radar = 1
	outdated_spaag = 1
	outdated_spaag_gun = 1
	outdated_spaag_radar = 1
	outdated_sam = 1
	outdated_sam_gun = 1
	outdated_sam_radar = 1
	obsolete_tbm = 1
	obsolete_howitzer = 1
	outdated_howitzer = 1
	outdated_howitzer_gun = 1
	outdated_howitzer_radar = 1
	outdated_spg = 1
	outdated_spg_gun = 1
	outdated_spg_radar = 1
	outdated_anti_tank = 1
	outdated_anti_tank_gun = 1
	outdated_anti_tank_radar = 1
	outdated_mlrs = 1
	outdated_mlrs_gun = 1
	outdated_mlrs_radar = 1
	helicopter_engines = 1
	prototype_helicopter = 1
	tech_transport_helicopters = 1
	tech_assault_helicopters = 1
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	atomic_research = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
starting_train_buffer = 200
set_convoys = 50
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = national_bolshevism
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	national_bolshevism  = 30
	commendationism = 10
	hegemonism = 10
	regressionism  = 5
	millenarism = 3
	left_authoritarianism = 10
	socialism = 4
	neocameralism = 2
	right_populism = 6
	ur_fascism = 20
}
add_ideas = {
	NTH_unfinished_industrialization
	NTH_anglophobia
}

add_ideas = {
	lhl_economy_civil_war_economy
	lhl_development_modern_nation 
	lhl_regime_partocracy
}

##CHARACTERS##
#leaders#
recruit_character = NTH_george_galloway
recruit_character = NTH_Salma_Yaqoob
recruit_character = NTH_Claire_Fox
recruit_character = NTH_andrew_wakefield
recruit_character = NTH_ash_sarkar
recruit_character = NTH_ken_livingstone
recruit_character = NTH_parmjit_dhanda
recruit_character = NTH_fergus_wilson
recruit_character = NTH_boris_johnson
recruit_character = NTH_john_sentamu
recruit_character = NTH_brendan_perry
#generals#
recruit_character = NTH_peter_wall
recruit_character = NTH_johnson_gideon_beharry
recruit_character = NTH_asim_hafiz
recruit_character = NTH_azad_ali
recruit_character = NTH_marc_wadsworth
recruit_character = NTH_dan_jarvis
recruit_character = NTH_clive_lewis
recruit_character = NTH_sharon_nesmith
recruit_character = NTH_john_reith
recruit_character = NTH_graham_binns
recruit_character = NTH_duncan_capps
recruit_character = NTH_john_cooper
recruit_character = NTH_paul_nanson
recruit_character = NTH_evelyn_webb_carter
recruit_character = NTH_patrick_sanders
#advisers#
recruit_character = NTH_Arthur_Scargill
recruit_character = NTH_Munira_Mirza
recruit_character = NTH_Yvonne_Ridley
recruit_character = NTH_Beatrix_Campbell
recruit_character = NTH_Chris_Williamson 
recruit_character = NTH_Clive_Lewis
recruit_character = NTH_Mark_Seddon
recruit_character = NTH_Murad_Qureshi
recruit_character = NTH_Tahir_Ali
recruit_character = NTH_Ted_Honderich
recruit_character = NTH_Valerie_Wise
recruit_character = NTH_Barbara_Hewson
recruit_character = NTH_Brendan_ONeill
recruit_character = NTH_Fiona_Bernadette_Fox
recruit_character = NTH_Frank_Furedi
recruit_character = NTH_James_Heartfield
recruit_character = NTH_Steve_Baker
recruit_character = NTH_Stuart_Waiton 
recruit_character = NTH_David_Gilmour
recruit_character = NTH_Gary_Younge
recruit_character = NTH_Ken_Loach
recruit_character = NTH_Lee_Jasper 
recruit_character = NTH_Neil_Faulkner
recruit_character = NTH_Perry_Anderson
recruit_character = NTH_Tariq_Ali
recruit_character = NTH_Yasmin_Alibhai_Brown
recruit_character = NTH_Aleksandr_Maksimtsev
recruit_character = NTH_David_Richards
recruit_character = NTH_Edzard_Ernst
recruit_character = NTH_Gareth_Derrick
recruit_character = NTH_Marc_Wadsworth
recruit_character = NTH_Simon_Bryant 
recruit_character = NTH_Elaine_West
recruit_character = NTH_Stephen_Hillier
recruit_character = NTH_henry_parker
recruit_character = NTH_philip_jones
recruit_character = NTH_david_george_steel
recruit_character = NTH_neil_morisetti


set_country_flag = {
    flag = ENG_galloway_here
	value = 1
}

set_variable = {
    var = NTH_coring_cost
    value = 225
}
